https://vitor-services.medium.com/marketing-tools-for-launching-ico-ieo-448b662887ab
Your WP should contain the following paragraphs:
* Your Project.
    Why does the world need it?
        Stream will allow small investors to make what can not be realized alone. The platform will leverage the mass effect of small
        investors to grant them the profit potential of big money. Our motto is "Passive income for everyone!".
    Does it help someone? In what way?
        Stream will give individuals access to passive income venues that require high initial investment, or which are technically complex.
* Problem.
    Shift the focus from crowdfunding to problem-solving.
        Passive income possibilities in the crypto industry is very restricted and generally projects have a big problem to create real value
        with real world revenue. What we generally find is projects that will reward you with a native token with no real utility.
* Solution.
    How can your project solve existing problems?
        Stream connects real world investment opportunities with the blockchain to create streams of income. Stream does not promess
        exagerated ROI. We will only share the value we create together.
    How do investors benefit from it?
        The first benefit is the seamless way you can connect to real world income through our decentralized application. It is easy, instant
        and free of any struggles you would have in real life, such as administration, management, accounting, legal and tax liabilities etc.
        Another great benefit is that you have access to high initial investment projects. You can buy a share of a real estate, contribute to
        the creation of a car-rental firm, or operate an Ehereum 2.0 node.
        Also, the investor can enjoy very high ROI by reinvesting in the protocol and compounding the income over the years.
    What can be changed in the industry?
* Uniqueness and State of Market.
* Product.
    Describe what the product currently looks like at the time.
        Currently the protocol has;
        
* Tokens Economy and Demand.
    Describe the financial model, funding strategies.
        STREAM token will be used to fuel the protocol. A buy-back mechanism will be in place.
* The Team.
    Introduce the key leaders, their education, and experience.
* Investment.
    How much money you plan to bring and how many tokens to release.
